>> Kate: MITCH MARNER PICKED UP
AN ASSIST ON KADRI'S 20th.
HE'S NOW THE LEAGUE LEADER AMONG
ROOKIES WITH 39 POINTS.
MARNER ALSO HAS A TEAM HIGH 12
MULTI-APPOINTMENT GAMES THIS
SEASON.
TORONTO'S ROOKIES HAVE 175
POINTS SO FAR THIS YEAR,
THAT IS THE MOST IN THE NHL.
>>> WELCOME TO "SPORTSCENTRE"
EVERYONE.
KATE ALONGSIDE NATASHA.
SO UNFORTUNATELY FOR THE FLAMES,
I MEAN, THEY LOOKED LIKE THEY
HAD A LITTLE BIT OF MOMENTUM AT
OF LATE AND NOW THEY LOOK LIKE
THEY ARE REELING ONCE AGAIN.
ON THE FLIP SIDE THOUGH TORONTO
SNAPPING THEIR MINI SLIDE,
AND GOOD FOR THEM TO PICK UP A
MONSTER WIN AT HOME,
WE KNOW THEY ARE GREAT ON THE
ROAD BUT THEY HAVE STRUGGLED AT
TIMES AT THE AIR CANADA CENTRE.
>> Natasha: THEY LOOKED REALLY
GOOD ON MONDAY. AND CALGARY ALL
OF A SUDDEN REELING.
LOSE 7-3 TO THE OILERS SATURDAY
AND SHUTOUT A GAME LATER.
NOT MUCH GOING RIGHT FOR THEM.
WITH MORE HERE IS GLENN SCHIILER
AND THE PANEL. .
>> Glenn: ALONGSIDE DAVE POULIN,
JEFF O'NEILL AND BOB McKENZIE.
MUCH LIKE HIS TEAM WHAT A
DIFFERENCE A YEAR MAKES FOR
NAZEM KADRI.
REMEMBER THAT STRETCH LAST YEAR
AT THE BEGINNING,
ONE GOAL IN 19 GAMES,
JUST SNAKE BIT.
NOW JEFF HE'S UP TO 20 GOALS HIS
SHOT FINDING THE BACK OF THE
NET.
>> HE'S BECOME A COMPLETE PLAYER
FOR THE TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS.
DOING IT ALL PHASES OF THE
HOCKEY GAME.
TONIGHT I GIVE HIM PROPS FOR
SHOOTING NOT INSIDE THE DOT HE
SCORES TWO.
WHAT A SEASON TO HAVE 20 IN THE
BANK WITH A LOT OF HOCKEY GAMES
LEFT.
THERE'S NO REASON WHY HE CAN'T
GET 30, 35 GOALS FOR THE LEAFS.
>> Glenn: YOU DON'T SEE JOHNNY
HOCKEY GET CAUGHT WITH A
BODYCHECK BUT HE TOOK A LICKIN A
COUPLE OF TIMES.
LEO KOMAROV RUNNING HIM OVER.
THE FLAMES WANTED A HEADSHOT.
HOW DO YOU THINK THE LEAGUE WILL
REVIEW THIS.
>> JEFF O'NEILL SAID AS SOON AS
IT HAPPENED THAT WAS A CLEAN BUT
VIOLENT HIT,
AND I WOULD BE SURPRISED IF THE
LEAGUE SAW IT ANY OTHER WAY.
IT WAS NOT LATE,
IT WAS NOT A CHARGE,
IT WAS NOT AN ELBOW,
NO LAUNCHING INVOLVED.
WAS THERE CONTACT TO THE HEAD.
ABSOLUTELY.
BUT I BELIEVE THE LEAGUE WOULD
SAY THIS IS UNAVOIDABLE CONTACT
TO THE HEAD.
A SMALLER PLAYER, AND A SMALLER
PLAYER. THERE WAS BODY ON BODY
CONTACT.
WHILE IT WAS A VERY VIOLENT HIT
AND LOOKED FOR A MOMENT AS IF
JOHNNY GAUDREAU MIGHT BE OUT OF
THE HOCKEY GAME AND THE FACT HE
CAME BACK WAS A POSITIVE,
I DON'T BELIEVE THERE WOULD BE
ANY SUPPLEMENTALLY DISCIPLINE.
AS WE POINTED OUT DURING THE
GAME NO PENALTY CALL ON THE
PLAY.
THE REFS APPEAR TO HAVE GOTTEN
IT RIGHT AND I SUSPECT THE
LEAGUE WILL